how's going everybody so we got some
more car care tips here from Chemical
Guys so a lot of you guys might know how
to Honda we did some cool videos on the
Honda but I got tired of front wheel
drive I got tired of the 4-cylinder so I
picked up this where I daily driver it's
a BMW 530i 839 edition with the 5-speed
because I don't know how to drive
automatic I don't know how to drive the
manual so I'm going to be doing a couple
tips and tricks on this car but one
thing is that this car came with OEM BMW
rubber floor mats didn't come with a
carpet one but it came with those rubber
kind a lot of you guys and colder
climates might have these rubber floor
mats and you got to scrub them and take
care of a certain way or than my
discolor so I'm going to take them out
of the car I'm going to show you how to
clean it today using green clean so
we're going to rip these floor mats out
of the car we're going to go over it use
some green clean and scrub them clean
I'll see you in a moment
okay so I've taken the floor mat out of
the car and now they're out here on
concrete I recommend to take them out of
the car and do this because I we can
hose them off and scrub them really nice
if you live in a colder environment with
mud or snow you probably have these
floor mats a lot of people Subarus or
BMWs have these floor mats because
they're easy to clean so these don't
have a lot of dirt on them I actually
took the dirt off and just fan them off
because it fell off you don't have to
vacuum it like carpet but they're still
not 100% black and they still have some
type of stuff stuck to them like one of
these ones from the backseat has like
dried ice cream and it's just nasty your
human garbage I don't know we just
bought the car so I'm going to go ahead
and clean these floor mats what you need
to clean the floor mats is green clean
how many green cleaners aren't inter and
exterior total surface cleaner this is a
100% all-natural biodegradable product
has no harsh chemicals in it so it's not
going to hurt you or it's not going to
hurt the surface that you're cleaning
whether it be interior or exterior I
want to use one of our short handled
gray flag tip brushes to scrub it and
you can also use one of these goat goat
brushes to get into the smaller cracks
to clean out any type of debris so first
what I like to do is I like to wet down
the mat so I'm going to take my hose
I'm going to hose down the math there we
go
he's and I've got the Matt hose down I'm
gonna take something my green clean and
I'm gonna hose down the floor mat there
we go now I'm going to take my short
handle brush and I'm going to scrub down
it's this floor miss the whole point of
this is to remove any dirt because dirt
often makes these floor mats look gray
this one kind of look kind of Greg so
it's on the driver's side and I knew the
green queen with a great pick for this
because it's easy to use and it's easy
to clean there we go there's any other
smaller areas I can always get it with a
goat brush like the emblem right here
move around these parts okay now once I
get that done I'm going to hose it off
now you can use this with a pressure
washer you can do this with a hose now
I'm going to take my floor mat I'm going
to take it move it out of the way and I
kind of like to shake it off a little
bit now a lot of people like to actually
go ahead and dry these with a microfiber
towel but I use clean deionized water so
I don't have to use a microfiber towel I
can just put these out in the Sun and
let them dry on that someone run over
here I'm going to put them up on a safe
area away from dirt away from any debris
so I go ahead and click keep cleaning
the rest of the floor mats so let's
repeat that process on the other three
formats to have a nice full set let's do
it right now
so we're back after a few minutes and
our floor mats have dried and they look
amazing we're able to remove all that
dirt any stains we had some human vomit
or sludge or something at the bottom but
we scrubbed it off using our green clean
the goat brush and our short handle
brush and our rubber floor mats look
cool if you have mud or snow or poop or
anything on your rubber floor mats scrub
them off with some green clean hose them
off and they'll look good just like this
once if you have any more questions
about rubber floor mats BMW drifting
hanging out having fun you can always
check out all this cool products on our
Facebook or YouTube account
where you can find me and all this stuff
at chemicalguys.com
you